getting started guide on postman collections (#14)
commercetools/commercetools-postman-collection: README.md

# commercetools Postman collections

This repository contains Postman collections for the commercetools APIs.

> ## Why use postman collections?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why use Postman collections?
```

Author: cool thanks !!👌😁, we are having fun, hope things are good with you too. ✌️

> Postman collections help you to explore commercetools APIs in a setup time of minutes rather than days or weeks, you can theoretically run the whole commerce journey from creating products to creating, and eventually buying this product for the newly created customer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Postman collections help you explore commercetools APIs with a setup time of minutes. You can theoretically run the whole commerce journey from creating customers and products, to creating orders where these customers purchase the products.
```

> Postman collections helps you to explore commercetools APIs in a setup time of minutes rather then days or weeks, you can theoratically run the whole commerce journey from creating products to creating, and eventually buying this product for the newly created customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Postman collections help you to explore commercetools APIs in a setup time of minutes rather than days or weeks, you can theoretically run the whole commerce journey from creating products to creating, and eventually buying this product for the newly created customer.
```

> some key benefits of using Postman collection of commercetools APIs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Key benefits of using Postman collections of commercetools APIs:
```

> some key benefits of using postman collection of commercetools APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
some key benefits of using Postman collection of commercetools APIs.
```

* Works with minimum technical knowledge.

> * No coding is required, its ready to be used as soon as you have a trial project with commercetools as minimum requirement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* No coding is required, it's ready to be used as soon as you have a trial project with commercetools as a minimum requirement.
```

> * No coding is required, it's ready to be used as soon as you have a trial project with commercetools as a minimum requirement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* No coding is required, and can be used as soon as you have created a commercetools project.
```

> * Easier to explore all the API endpoints, and helps you get a holistic view of how platform and other services works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Easier to explore all the API endpoints, and helps you get a holistic view of how the platform and other services work.
```

> * Easier to explore all the API endpoints, and helps you get a holistic view of how the platform and other services work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Easily explore all the API endpoints and achieve a holistic view of how the platform and other services operate.
```

[Get Started here](GettingStarted.md) with commercetools Postman collections.

> ## Disclaimer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Further documentation
```

> [Get Started here](GettingStarted.md) with commercetools postman collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Get Started here](GettingStarted.md) with commercetools Postman collection.
```

> [Get Started here](GettingStarted.md) with commercetools Postman collection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Get Started here](GettingStarted.md) with commercetools Postman collections.
```

> This is not the official commercetools platform documentation. To read complete documentation for the commercetools platform, please visit http://docs.commercetools.com/

Reviewer 3: What's the use of this disclaimer? I would change this to a more friendly "to learn more about ..... visit documentation...."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more about using commercetools APIs and to find complete platform documentation, please visit https://docs.commercetools.com/
```

This repository contains Postman collections for the commercetools platform.

[Get Started here](GettingStarted.md) with commercetools postman collection.

## Disclaimer

> This is not the official commercetools platform documentation. Please see [here](http://docs.commercetools.com/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is not the official commercetools platform documentation. To read complete documentation for the commercetools platform, please visit http://docs.commercetools.com/
```

This repository contains Postman collections for the commercetools platform.

[Get Started here](GettingStarted.md) with commercetools postman collection.

## Disclaimer

This is not the official commercetools platform documentation. To read complete documentation for the commercetools platform, please visit http://docs.commercetools.com/

> for a complete and approved documentation of the commercetools platform API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer 2: I didn't see this extra line before. It should be removed if the preceding line has changed to my suggestion.
